---
description: Configure the Rocket.Chat workspace to link with your Matrix Homeserver.
---

# Matrix Bridge Configuration

You don’t need to perform any additional federation configuration, as the required fields were automatically populated during the [installation of Rocket.Chat and Synapse](deploy-a-federated-rocket.chat-workspace.md).&#x20;

{% hint style="warning" %}
Subscribe to any of our [premium plans ](../../../readme/our-plans.md)or [apply trial ](../../../setup-and-configure/trials/)on your workspace to unlock all the available federation features.
{% endhint %}

To access this setting,

* Navigate to _**Administration** > **Workspace** > **Settings** > **Federation > Matrix Bridge.**_
* **Enabled**: Turn on to enable federation with Matrix.
* **Enable Matrix ephemeral events**: Enable events like typing indicator over the Matrix network.
* **AppService ID:** A unique identifier for the Application Service. _It is automatically generated by Rocket.Chat_
* **Homeserver Token:** A unique homeserver token to authenticate requests to Application Services.
* **App Service Token:** A unique Application Service token to authenticate requests to homeservers. _It is automatically generated by Rocket.Chat_
* **Homeserver URL:** The URL of the Matrix server you want to use as your Proxy homeserver. e.g. `http://localhost:8008`
* **Homeserver Domain:** Your Matrix homeserver's name.
* **Bridge URL:** The URL for the Matrix bridge. It is the location you want your bridge should run.

{% hint style="warning" %}
* Ensure the port you use for the bridge is free in your host.
* We recommend you use a brand new Matrix Homeserver as your Proxy homeserver.
* We strongly recommend not connecting to this Matrix Homeserver with other Matrix clients.
{% endhint %}

* **AppService User Localpart:** The bot user associated with the application service (Sometimes, it's used to execute some actions).
* **Maximum number of users when joining a public room in a remote server:** The number of the maximum users when joining a public room in a remote server. Public rooms with more users will be shown in the list of public rooms to join. However, they display a _Can't join_ warning, and users won't be able to join those channels.

{% hint style="info" %}
Increasing the maximum number may consume a large amount of the resources in your infrastructure platform. It is recommended to adhere to the default size.
{% endhint %}

* **Registration File**: Automatically generated and updated by Rocket.Chat based on all the values provided in the above settings (The [Application Service](deploy-a-federated-rocket.chat-workspace.md#manual-installation) is configured using this file).

